feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/integrations/google.mdx

  </Step>
</Steps>

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), have the user sign in to the correct organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault still stores the Google connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member authorizes their own Google account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault still stores the Google connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member authorizes their own Google account.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
